please give me a detailed answer with the steps and problems involved.

ofc: of course



If you have an interesting Internship opportunity for me then I would definitely like to hear from you!



we demonstrate competitive performance against multiple state-of-the art deep architectures and their multi-modal variants.



MMAN: Multi-modality aggregation network for brain segmentation from MR images的**摘要**的结构很好：

1. Brain tissue segmentation from Magnetic resonance (MR) image is significant for assessing both neu- rologic conditions and brain disease. Manual brain tissue segmentation is time-consuming, tedious and subjective which indicates a need for more efficiently automated approaches. However, due to ambiguous boundaries, anatomically complex structure and individual differences, conventional automated segmen- tation methods performed poorly. Therefore, more effective feature extraction techniques and advanced segmentation models are in essential demand.

2. 介绍自己的方法。。。

3. 从各方面介绍成果：Extensive experiments on the well-known **MRBrainS Challenge database** corroborate the efficiency of the proposed model.

   分割一个脑只用13秒

   灰质86.40% 白质89.70% 脑脊液84.86%

   MRBrainS第二名



**Compared with** conventional brain segmentation methods [12,13] , deep learning approaches have recently achieved tremendous success in biomedical image processing tasks [14–16] . **Moreover**, deep learning approaches achieved better performance than the conventional methods in the MRBrainS Challenge [11] .

A deep net- work, *termed parallel multi-dimensional long short-term memory (PyraMiD-LSTM)*, was proposed which **utilized** contexts within each slice of MRI data for segmentation [17] .

According to **prior** studies [26,35] , ......

the number of parameters 参数量

Dilated convolution **is capable of** *dramatically* expanding receptive fields without losing resolution or coverage [26] .



MMAN is built with a 98-layer deep network which is able to **extract and aggregate** multi-scale features of brain tissues **from** multi-modality MR images for accurate segmentation.



Our experiments on two public datasets show that our method achieves state-of-the-art results.



The four max pooling layers divide the base network into five stages of fine to coarse feature maps.



Via both intuitive and statistical analysis. 通过直观和统计分析。



inter-: 多者之间

intra-: 内部的